Sadhguru: The coming year is a
historic event in many ways.
United Nations has declared the
World International Yoga Day.
Over 15,000 years ago, since Adiyogi,
many things have happened
in terms of propagating yoga,
in terms of  reaching out.
Many administrations in the
form of kings took to yoga.
For the first time, the head
of a major nation on the planet
is talking about yoga in public,
in international fora.
Speaker: And I invite him to address the Assembly,
Mr. Prime Minister.
Sadhguru: This could be a kind of a foundation stone
to make scientific approach to the inner
well-being of the human being a worldwide thing,
that if you want to be well,
you don’t have to seek heaven’s help.
You can turn inward and fix it.
This is the message when you say
there is a International Yoga Day-
this is what it means.
The world is beginning to accept human
well-being is not in heaven, it’s within us.
It’s a tremendous step for the world
and for the first time,
one hundred-and-seventy-seven countries
get together to pass a resolution.
Never before in the history of United Nations,
hundred-and-seventy-seven countries
have voted for anything
Sadhguru: I want you to understand-
this has lived for over 15,000 years
without any kind of one organization
pushing it or forcing it.
Simply because of its efficacy -
because it works, it’s lived.
Today, nearly two billion people
on the planet are doing some form of yoga.
I am not  happy with that.
I want the 7.2 billion people
to do some form of yoga because
in the last hundred years,
we have ripped the planet apart
but we are nowhere near well-being.
If human well-being has to happen,
the only and only way is one has to turn inward.
There is really no other way
because pain and pleasure
happens from within you,
joy and misery
the very light and darkness happens within you.
The only space where you generate
experience is within.
If you don’t turn inward, fixing your
well-being on this planet is out of question.
Today, we have the necessary
resource, capability, and technology
to address every human
problem on the planet.
Never before was this possible.
Only thing that’s missing is an inclusive
consciousness of human beings.
And this is what yoga can do -
beyond religion, beyond belief systems,
beyond caste, creed race, nationality,
people can experience a deep sense
of unity within themselves,
which is what the world needs. This is a
momentous step that humanity is taking.
It is time the world turns inward
for their well-being.
Not up, not out, in –
in is the only way out.
If we want well-being,